1. Which of the following statements is NOT a characteristic of quantitative research?  
   B. It delivers an in-depth understanding of the problem or study.  

2. In an experiment, which group does not receive intervention?  
   C. The control group  

3. Which of the following research questions could be answered by using quantitative research methods?  
   A. What is the most popular social media platform used by Senior High School students?  

4. Which statement below illustrates a weakness of quantitative research?  
   A. The responses of the participants are limited to what has been asked and the choices given.  

5. Which of the following is NOT a strength of quantitative research?  
   B. Less expensive  

6. Determination of the degree of satisfaction of parents, teachers, and students on the online and modular blended learning  
   C. Descriptive  

7. The effects of non-renewal of the ABS-CBN franchise on the average television viewing time of housewives  
   A. Correlational  

8. Which type of quantitative research seeks to determine the relationship of one characteristic to the other?  
   A. Correlational  

9. Which of the following statements is NOT true about the importance of Quantitative Research?  
   D. It helps understand victims of domestic violence perception of satisfaction  

10. A nominal variable is expressed in numbers.  
   C. Never true  

11. The independent and dependent variables are applicable to ALL quantitative studies.  
   B. Sometimes true  

12. Dependent variables can be manipulated.  
   C. Never true  

13. A group of students would like to know if spending time with a cat or dog decreases the amount of stress and allows students to perform better on tests. Which of the following is an extraneous variable?  
   A. Student’s feeling towards the cat or dog  

14. A famous vlogger wanted to know if changing the content of his vlogs (food review, travel, study tips, etc.) will affect the number of views per uploaded video. The number of views per uploaded video is the:  
   C. Dependent variable  

15. Which of the following is an example of a continuous variable?  
   C. Student’s height  
